# Guess-the-Number-Game-Game-Development-C-C-C-
This is a simple game where the player tries to guess a randomly generated number between 1 and 100. The player has 10 attempts to guess the number correctly, and after each guess, the game will tell the player if their guess was too high or too low.

Project Name: Guess the Number Game

Project Description:
This is a simple game where the player tries to guess a randomly generated number between 1 and 100. The player has 10 attempts to guess the number correctly, and after each guess, the game will tell the player if their guess was too high or too low.

Tools Required:

Visual Studio Code (or any C++ IDE of your choice)
Code:

c
Copy code
#include <iostream>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <time.h>

using namespace std;

int main()
{
    int randomNumber, guess, attemptsLeft = 10;
    
    // Generate random number between 1 and 100
    srand(time(NULL));
    randomNumber = rand() % 100 + 1;
    
    cout << "Welcome to Guess the Number Game!\n\n";
    cout << "You have 10 attempts to guess the number between 1 and 100.\n\n";
    
    do {
        cout << "Attempts left: " << attemptsLeft << endl;
        cout << "Enter your guess: ";
        cin >> guess;
        
        if (guess == randomNumber) {
            cout << "\nCongratulations! You guessed the number!\n";
            break;
        } else if (guess < randomNumber) {
            cout << "Your guess is too low.\n\n";
        } else {
            cout << "Your guess is too high.\n\n";
        }
        
        attemptsLeft--;
        
    } while (attemptsLeft > 0);
    
    if (attemptsLeft == 0) {
        cout << "\nSorry, you ran out of attempts. The number was " << randomNumber << ".\n";
    }
    
    return 0;
}
To run the code, simply compile and execute the program using your C++ IDE. You should see the game prompt and be able to play the game by entering your guesses.

Note: You can also modify the code to make the game more challenging, such as increasing the range of the random number, decreasing the number of attempts, or adding a time limit.

2D Game Development using C++
Introduction
This is a simple 2D game development project using C++. It was developed using the SFML library, which is a simple and fast multimedia library for C++. The game is a basic platformer, where the player controls a character that can move left, right, and jump. The player must collect all the coins on the level to win.

Getting Started
To get started with this project, you'll need to have the following software installed on your computer:

A C++ compiler (such as Visual Studio or GCC)
SFML library
Building and Running the Project
To build and run the project, follow these steps:

Clone this repository to your local machine.
Open the project in your preferred IDE or text editor.
Make sure that you have set up the project to use the SFML library.
Build the project using your IDE or compiler.
Run the executable file that is generated by the compiler.
Controls
The player can be controlled using the following keys:

Left Arrow - Move left
Right Arrow - Move right
Space - Jump
Acknowledgements
This project was developed using the SFML library. Special thanks to the developers of SFML for creating such an awesome library!

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
